With a growing interest in the right of animal, some insist that the experiments of the animal are required for a decent standard of living such as the discovery of a treatment method for diseases, whereas others think that it is necessary for animals to have equal rights as humans.  In the following essay, both views will be discussed before reaching a conclusion with my opinion.

With regard to the exploitation of an animal, people believe that it is acceptable for several reasons. Firstly, a pharmaceutical company always test on animals for a new developing drug in medical research. It is dangerous for people to inject this kind of new experimental chemicals before passed animal trials. And hence, The experiments provide the human being with opportunities to cure for an illness. Therefore it is a necessary evil because human rights should take priority over animal rights.

Despite the above argument viewing advantages to the animal experiments, others argue that animal should gain their own rights. First of all, some laboratories have brutal tests which mean animals suffer from repetitive tests in cages for long periods and feel as much pain as humans do. In addition, a practically amount of animal research is done for cosmetic products.  That is not to find the cure for diseases.  This kind of experiment is not unnecessary than finding the treatment for an illness. Second, the number of wild animals is hunted by people due to a sense of satisfaction. It would contribute to damaged food chains and the destruction of natural habitats. In fact, that cause endangered other species. Therefore, having a brutal experiment and hunting wild animals must be decreased.

All in all, for the reasons mentioned above, I insist that It depends on situations. Although the animal experiment helps the human being to solve disease issues, people do not treat their rights.