## Topic: Job
1. What is your job?
I am a software engineer. My responsibilities are supports for a test and a configuration of variable software as like a web application or server application. 

2. Where do you work?
I have been working for a software engineer at the OPENNARU. The primary responsibility of the company is the development of an application performance monitoring program which called KHAN [apm].

3. Why do you work?
I always have wanted to change my job responsibility. This position at the company provides me with chances to develop some web application for a test or used it for our company and to have the know-how of web application.

4. Is it a popular job in your country?
I am not sure that my job is a favourite. But many young generations want to have this kind of the job because of the stable salary.


5. Do you like your job?
Most of the time, developing a test application and analyzing a web application give me the improvement of my skills and the sense of satisfaction.

6. Do you get on well with your colleagues?
Of cause. My colleague is my chief. The leading chief of our team always carries our team members to deal with our a project as well. Also, he has a good passion in our responsibility.
I am learning anything from him. So I think I have a good colleague.

7. What responsibilities do you have at work?
My responsibilities are supports for a test and a configuration of variable software as like a web application or server application. 

8. If you had the chance, would you change your job?
No. I like my job now. I am becoming a professional engineer in the area.  Learning technologies in my position are a lot. That is why changing the job position is not ready for me.

9. Do you plan to continue with your job in the future?
I always want to have an experience which develops a web application for a web service. I have been preparing to become a full-stack developer.  After work time, I coded a web application and studied new web technologies because it is possible to make a web application for a web service. So if I have a chance to upgrade my position as a full-stack developer in the future,  at that time, I get ready for the job position.